{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\deftab360{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}}
{\colortbl ;\red8\green96\blue168;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Name\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\b0\fs18 UPT.EXE (Intel\'ae UEFI Packaging Tool (Intel\'ae UEFIUPT)) - create, install or remove a UEFI Distribution Package.\f1\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\tx1440\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Synopsis\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\fs18 upt [option] UEFI_PACKAGE_FILE\f1\par
\b0\f0 The Intel UEFIPT command set has an associated order of execution precedence. For example: -v takes precedence over \endash q which has precedence over \endash d which has precedence of \endash s.\par
Execution precedence is defined as follows:\par
\pard\li-720\sb60\cf3\f2\fs16 upt \endash h | --help | --version\par
upt [-v|-q|-d DEBUG_LEVEL|-s] [-f] [-x] \endash c DistFile \endash t DistInfo [-m INF_File]+\par
upt [-v|-q|-d DEBUG_LEVEL|-s] [-f] [-x] \endash c DistFile \endash t DistInfo [-p DEC_File]+\par
upt [-v|-q|-d DEBUG_LEVEL|-s] [-f] [-x] \endash c DistFile \endash t DistInfo [-m INF_File]+ [-p DEC_File]+\par
upt [-v|-q|-d DEBUG_LEVEL|-s] [-f|-n] [-x] \endash i DistFile\par
upt [-v|-q|-d DEBUG_LEVEL|-s] [f] [-x] \endash r DistFile\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\f1\fs18\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Description\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\b0\fs18 Intel\'ae UEFIPT is used to create, install or remove a UEFI Distribution Package.\f1\par
\f0 A \ldblquote package information data\rdblquote  file (\rdblquote .ini\rdblquote ) comprised of a \ldblquote Distribution header\rdblquote  (required), and optional \ldblquote Miscellaneous File Header, and/or \ldblquote Tools Header\rdblquote  is required to create a distribution package. Instructions on how to create a package information file and its required content may be found in the Intel\'ae UEFI Packaging Tool (Intel\'ae UEFIPT) Quick Start guide. \f1\par
\pard\sb200\f0 When entered on the command line, file locations are relative to the program execution path set in the OS environment variable \cf3\f2 WORKSPACE\cf2\f1 .\par
\f0 Intel UEFIPT provides development environment support for the EDK II development tree.\f1\par
\f0 The working directory for the EDK II build tree (containing distribution packages) is defined as a first level folder from the root directory for drive C. For example:\par
\pard\sb200\qc\cf3\f2 C:\\EDKII>\par
\pard\sb200\cf2\f0 In this example, the OS environment variable WORKSPACE is set to the working directory for EDK II development. For example:\par
\pard\sb200\qc\cf3\f2 C:\\>set WORKSPACE=C:\\EDKII\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\f0 The OS environment variable\cf0\fs24  \cf3\f2\fs18 WORKSPACE\cf0\f0\fs24  \cf2\fs18 is now set to the EDKII WORKSPACE\f1\par
\f0 To create a distribution package:\f1\par
\b\f0 >upt -c test.dist -p MdePkg/MdePkg.dec -t Package_Information_Data_File.ini\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\b0\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote test.dist\rdblquote  is the target distribution package that will be generated. If a destination path is not supplied, the test.dist will be created in the same directory as that in which Intel UEFIPT resides\f1\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote MdePkg/MdePkg.dec\rdblquote  is the path to and the source file used to generate the distribution package, \f1\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote Package_Information_Data_File.ini\rdblquote  is the file which specifies the information not included in \ldblquote MdePkg/MdePkg.dec\rdblquote  but is required by the packaging specification. If a source path for the Package_Information_Data_File.ini is not provided, it must be located in the same directory as that in which Intel UEFIPT resides.\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0 UPT User Extensions\par
\b0 User extensions are provided so meta\f1 -\f0 data files can be created which provide functionality identical to the original meta-data. Details about user extensions are located in the Intel\'ae UEFIPT Quick Start Guide. \f1\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Options\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\fs18   v, --version\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Show program's version number and exit\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -h, --help\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Show this help message and exit\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -d DEBUG_LEVEL, --debug=DEBUG_LEVEL\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Print DEBUG statements, where DEBUG_LEVEL is 0-9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -v, --verbose\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Print informational statements\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -s, --silent\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Returns only the exit code informational and error messages are not displayed\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -q, --quiet\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Returns the exit code and displays error messages only\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -i INSTALL_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE\f1 ,\line\f0   --install= INSTALL_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify the UEFI Distribution Package filename to install\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -c CREATE_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE,\f1\line\f0   --create= CREATE_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify the UEFI Distribution Package filename to create\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -r REMOVE_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE,\f1\line\f0  --remove= REMOVE_DISTRIBUTION_PACKAGE_FILE\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify the UEFI Distribution Package filename to remove\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b   -t PACKAGE_INFORMATION_DATA _FILE,\f1\line\f0   --template= PACKAGE_INFORMATION_DATA_FILE\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify Package Information Data filename to create package\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -p EDK2_DEC_FILENAME, --dec-filename= EDK2_DEC_FILENAME\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify dec file names to create package\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -m EDK2_INF_FILENAME, --inf-filename= EDK2_INF_FILENAME\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0\f0 Specify inf file names to create package\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -f, --force  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Disable all user prompts\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -n, --custom-path\b0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\f0 Enable user prompting for alternate installation directories\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\b\f0   -x, --skip-lock\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi360\sb200\b0 Skip the check for multiple instances\f1\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Examples\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b0\f4\fs18 In the examples below, the "\\" character is used to indicate line extension. On Microsoft* Windows based workstations, the command-line must appear on a single line, while under Linux and OS/X, the shell will correctly handle the "\\" line extension character and the command can appear on separate lines.\par
All EDK II tools allow the user to specify a forward slash "/" character in directory names on the command-line.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\f0 1.\tab Option \ldblquote  \b -c, --create\b0\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0  create a distribution package\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb200\f0 The command showing the proper syntax used to create a distribution package\f1 .\par
\par
\pard\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt -c test.dist -p MdePkg/MdePkg.dec -t Package_Information_Data_File.ini\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\cf2\f3\fs18\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 test.dist\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the target distribution package to be generated, \f1\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 MdePkg/MdePkg.dec\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the path and source used to generate the distribution package, \f1\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 Package_Information_Data_File.ini\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the file which specifies the information not included in  \ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 MdePkg\\MdePkg.dec\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  but is required by the packaging specification\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200 The extended version of the commands:\f1\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trqc\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx6012\pard\intbl\keep\nowidctlpar\sb60\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt -\endash create=test.dist --dec-filename=MdePkg/MdePkg.dec \\\par
\pard\intbl      --template=Package_Information_Data_File.ini\f1\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li795\sb200\cf2\f3\fs18\'b7\tab\f0  \ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 test.dist\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the target distribution package file to be generated, \par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 MdePkg/MdePkg.dec\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the path and source used to generate the distribution package, \par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 Package_Information_Data_File.ini\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the file which specifies the information not included in \ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 MdePkg/MdePkg.dec\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  but is required by the packaging specification\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\f0 2.\tab Option \b\ldblquote -m, --inf-filename\b0\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0  Specifying the module file name for inclusion in the distribution package.\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trqc\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx7992\pard\intbl\keep\nowidctlpar\sb60\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt \endash c testm.dist \\\par
     -m MdeModulePkg/Universal/Acpi/AcpiPlatformDxe/AcpiPlatformDxe.inf \\\par
     \endash t Package_Information_Data_File.ini\par
\pard\intbl\keep\f1\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\fs18\par
\f0 The extended version of the command:\f1\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-423\trqc\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx8060\pard\intbl\keep\nowidctlpar\sb60\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt -\endash create=testm.dist \\\par
     --inf-filename=MdeModulePkg/Universal/Acpi/AcpiPlatformDxe/AcpiPlatformDxe.inf \\\par
     \endash -template=Package_Information_Data_File.ini\par
\pard\intbl\keep\f1\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\cf2\f3\fs18\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 testm.dist\cf2\f0\fs18  \ldblquote  is the target distribution package to be generated,\f1\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 MdeModulePkg/Universal/Acpi/AcpiPlatformDxe/AcpiPlatformDxe.inf\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the path and filename for the for the module to be included in the distribution package, and\par
\f3\'b7\tab\f0\ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 Package_Information_Data_File.ini\cf2\f0\fs18\rdblquote  is the file which specifies the information not included in \ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 AcpiPlatformDxe.inf\cf2\f0\fs18  \rdblquote  but is required by the packaging specification\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\f0 3.\tab Option \ldblquote\b\f1 -\f0 i, --install\b0\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0  install a UEFI package file\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200 File locations are relative to the program execution path set in the OS environment variable WORKSPACE. WORKSPACE is set to the working directory for the EDK II development tree (containing distribution packages). The working directory of the EDKII development tree is a first level folder from the root directory for drive C. For example:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\qc\cf3\f2\fs16 C:\\EDKII>\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\f0\fs18 In this example, the OS environment variable WORKSPACE is set to the working directory for EDK II. For example:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\qc\cf3\f2\fs16 C:\\>set WORKSPACE=C:\\EDKII\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\f0\fs18 The OS environment variable WORKSPACE is now set to the EDKII WORKSPACE\f1 .\par
\f0 Copy the distribution package file to the location to which the OS variable \ldblquote WORKSPACE\rdblquote  has been defined. For example:\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 >copy test.dist c:\\EDKII\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 Execute the UPT command to install the distribution package. For example:\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 >UPT \endash i test.dist\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 The extended version of the command:\f1\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 >UPT \endash -install=test.dist\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 If the distribution package target folder is already present (for example, MdePkg already exists), Intel UEFIPT will inform you that the specified target already exists and will prompt you to enter another location. If no additional locations are required, pressing [ENTER] will exit the tool. The following is an output display example:\f1\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trqc\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx7470\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sb200\f2\fs16 C:\\EDKII>upt \endash i test.dist\line Unzipping and parsing distribution package XML file\'85\line\line Dist.content -> C:\\EDKII\\dist.content\line Installing package \'85 MdePkg Version 1.02\line This directory already exists: MdePkg.\line Please select another location. Press [Enter] with no input to quit:\line\par
\cf3 MyDistributionPackageSource\\\cf2\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\f1\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\f0 4.\tab Option \ldblquote -r, --remove\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0  remove a UEFI package file\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt -r test.dist\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 The extended version of the command:\f1\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 >upt -\endash remove=test_80c92dc3-3a9c-42e9-9b92-4d2b82f0025b_1.0.dist\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 Where \ldblquote\cf3\f2\fs16 test.dist\cf2\f0\fs18\ldblquote and \cf3\f2\fs16 test_80c92dc3-3a9c-42e9-9b92-4d2b82f0025b_1.0.dist\cf0  are \cf2\f0\fs18 the names of the UEFI distribution package name that will be removed\f1 .\cf0\f2\fs16\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb200\cf2\f0\fs18 5.\tab Option \ldblquote -n, --custom-path\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0  prompt for the source path for each package in the distribution\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf3\f2\fs16 upt -i test.dist \endash n\par
\pard\sb200\cf2\f0\fs18 The extended version of the command:\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf3\f2\fs16 upt \endash install=test.dist --custom-path\par
\pard\sb200\cf2\f0\fs18 You will be presented with a display similar to the following:\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8748\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf0\f2\fs16 C:\\EDKII\fs22 >upt \endash i test.dist \endash n\line\cf2\fs16 Unzipping and parsing distribution package XML file\'85\line dist.pkg  -> c:\\EDKII\\dist.pkg\line\line Dist.content -> C:\\EDKII\\dist.content\line Installing package \'85 MdePkg Version 1.02\line Please select package location. Press [Enter] with no input to quit:\line\cf0\fs22\par
\pard\intbl\sb200\cf3\fs16 MyDistributionPackageSource\\\cf2\f1\fs18\cell\row\pard\sb200\par
\f0 6.\tab Option \ldblquote -x, --free-lock\rdblquote  \f5\'e0\f0 instructs the Intel\'ae UEFIPT to unconditionally free the lock on the UPT database before any UPT operations are executed.\f1\par
\f0 Background: While executing, the Intel UEFIPT locks the UPT database. This precludes any other instance of Intel UEFIPT from executing. If Intel UEFIPT should be stopped for some reason (for example, you press CTRL+C) the UPT database will remain locked. The \ldblquote -x, --free-lock\rdblquote  option is used to skip the lock check.\f1\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 upt -i test.dist \endash x\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 The extended version of the command:\f1\par
\cf3\f2\fs16 upt \endash install=test.dist \endash -free-lock\par
\cf2\f0\fs18 If the UPT database is locked, you will be presented with a display similar to the following:\f1\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8748\pard\intbl\sb200\f2\fs16 C:\\EDKII\cf0\fs18 >upt \endash c test28.dist \endash p MdePkg/MdePkg.dec \endash t Package_Information_Data_File.ini\line\line upt\'85\line  : error D003: UPT is already running. Only one instance is allowed\line\cf2\f1\cell\row\pard\sb200\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Bugs\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\b0\fs18 During stress testing under Microsoft* Windows 7 with anti-virus software enabled, the tool failed after successfully completing 400 create package operations\par
An EDK II binary module that uses binary file types of UNI_VER, UNI_UI, LIB and UEFI_APP cannot be distributed using the standard features, however the contents may be distributed using MiscellaneousFiles portion of the UPT.\par
When installing a UEFI Distribution Package generated by other tools that allow absolute path names for files, the error messages on Windows are different than the error messages on *NIX systems. The Intel UEFIPT does not support absolute path names for files and directories.\par
If an EDK II Meta-data file is incorrectly formatted, information from the header comment block, such as copyright and license may be lost.\par
Manually removing or renaming a directory tree that was installed by the Intel UEFIPT will not allow using the Intel UEFIPT for other operations.\f1\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\f0\fs28 Files\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\b0\fs18 $(WORKSPACE)\\BaseTools\\Conf\f1\\\f0 Sample_Distribution_Information_Data.ini\f1\par
\f0 Intel\'ae UEFI Packaging Tool (Intel\'ae UEFIPT) Quick Start guide\par
The Distribution Package (.dist) for install and create, along with the Package Information Data File (.ini) are not required to be in the EDK II WORKSPACE. All other files are required to be in the workspace. (The Distribution Package file name used during removal is in the WORKSPACE/Conf directory tree, placed there during package installation by the tool.)\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\fs28 See also\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb200\cf2\b0\fs18 None\par
\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\li-1440\sb400\sa60\sl-340\slmult0\cf1\b\fs28 License\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b0\fs18 Copyright\'a9 2011 Intel Corporation. All rights reserved\f1 .\par
\f0 This program and the accompanying materials are licensed and made available under the terms and conditions of the BSD License which accompanies this distribution.  The full text of the license may be found at:\f1\line\pard\f0  \cf0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf4 http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php}}}\cf2\f0\fs18  \f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\line\f0 THE PROGRAM IS DISTRIBUTED UNDER THE BSD LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.\par
\fs16 Revision 1.4, 29 June 2011\f1\par
}
 